- [Instructor] In this chapter,
we'll take a look at how Git repositories
and GitLab can be used for continuous integration
and continuous delivery or CI/CD.
CI/CD is an essential tool for teams
that want to develop at a faster pace
and avoid the hassle of manually integrating
and deploying their code changes.
The contents of this chapter will give you an understanding
of how CI/CD works with Git and GitLab.
We'll fist review CI/CD tools and discuss some
of the most popular options.
We'll then proceed to configure GitLab
so that we can create a CI/CD pipeline.
We'll walk through the installation of GitLab Runner,
a key component in the CI/CD solution provided by GitLab.
Once we have a basic pipeline established,
we'll expand that pipeline
to include quality assurance checks that are executed
as part of each build.
These quality assurance checks will ensure
that our code meets the team's standards
and provides reports on defects.
After completing this chapter,
you'll understand how to integrate Git
with a repository manager
that can offer your team a CI/CD solution
to improve your efficiency.